Generate Certificates and associate them with SNIs (#363)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/secure-api-with-tls.md

Reviewer: I realize now that this page is a stub, so you can ignore the feedback on it for now.

---
title: Secure your API with TLS using SNIs
content_type: how_to

> related_resources:
>   - text: SNI entity
>     url: /gateway/entities/snis/
>   - text: Certificates
>     url: /gateway/entities/certificate/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
related_resources:
  - text: Associate a Certificate with an SNI
    url: /how-to/generate-certificate-with-sni/
```

products:
    - gateway
tier: enterprise

works_on:

>     - on-prem

Reviewer: This should work on Konnect and in OSS.

> products:
>     - gateway
> tier: enterprise
> 
> works_on:
>     - on-prem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
products:
    - gateway

works_on:
    - on-prem
    - konnect
```
This should work on Konnect and in OSS.

entities: 
  - certificate
  - sni
  - route
  - service

tldr:
    q: How do I set up {{site.base_gateway}} with TLS?

>     a: By creating an SSL [Certificate](/gateway/entities/certificate), and associating it with an [SNI](/gateway/entities/sni), you can force {{site.base_gateway}} to handle encrypted traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a: By creating an SSL [Certificate](/gateway/entities/certificate/) and associating it with an [SNI](/gateway/entities/sni/), you can force {{site.base_gateway}} to handle encrypted traffic.
```

tools:
    - deck

prereqs:
  inline:
    - title: Certificate
      include_content: prereqs/certificate
      icon_url: /assets/icons/file.svg

>     - title: Configure environment variables
>       content: |
>         Set the following variables: 
>         * `CERT_ID`: The UUID set when you associated a Certificate with {{site.base_gateway}}.
>         For example: 
>         ```sh
>         export CERT_ID=3f19b7d1-705f-422a-a116-7dc8282efe21
>         ```
>         icon_url: /assets/icons/file.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If you're going to leave the CERT_ID step in the certificates prereq, remove this. If you're doing it the opposite way, ignore this suggestion.
